//Notes
Whenever I am making a point, I will start it off with a *
Any note starting with Cheese I will basically skip ex. *Cheese

#Just Another Weeb [Title Pending], A Visual Novel by Mark Perez

#Opening Cover Summary: Follow your own story or the story of Alex, the usual loner who enjoys anime and manga, but mostly an ordinary highschool student, and help yourself/him/her gain the courage to make genuine close friends. Meet Sam, the good-natured and slightly childish (and foolish) freshman with a knack of getting into trouble. Ari, the enigmatic prodigy with a shy, reserved, and quiet manner whose intelligence attracts those around him. Cynthia, the queen of the class, who commands the attention of everyone in the room by her presence, beauty, and boldness to be controversial. Bella, Sam's childhood friend, who's a peppy, enthusiastic, and charming optimist while always wears a smile. Learn the true meaning of having a friend in this dramatic, funny, scary, but (in reality)mostly boring high school life one could wish to have.
					*Weird Cover Summary ("Follow your own story" seems out of place) Why not just say.... Follow the story of Alex because you don't develop the posibilities of what a "Make Your Own Story" can be. If anything, you should talk about plot points and talk about stuff like... What if you did X or If only I did X. Kinda like Tell Tale games.
					*Out of place descriptions ("and help yourself/him/her gain the courage to make genuine close friends") If you are going to describe characters, you should keep plot points and character descriptions separate. This will help with the readability of the description and can help with accurate descriptions.
#Episode 1: Chapter 0/Prologue
#Prologue: Anything but Ordinary
label Ch0:
    $ persistent.quick_menunormal = True
    $ persistent.main_menunormal = True
    $ persistent.saveblock = False
    
    Character Reference

s = "Sam"

x = "Alex" (The Player, variable defined as [povname], default name is 'Alex')

smsa-d = Male Student A - D

sfsa-b = Female Student A - B

tcha = Teacher A

#Prologue Part I: A 'Friend'
    
    scene bg schoolcafe
    #play music regularday loop

	
    
    "I remember that day I met my first friend. Rather, my most memorable friends."
    
    "If it wasn't for him, I probably would've had a much more boring and sad high school life than I thought I would have at that time."

	*Hard to read ("sad high school life than I thought I would have at that time.") Transition between boring school life to what you thought you would've had is hard to read

    "My first year had already disappointed me, as high school was not all cracked up as I thought it would be."
    
    "Everyone in every class, hallways, and every corner of the school were just irritable."
    
    "Too worried about how their makeup looks with their slutty and skimpy dresses..." 
    
    "...not making the varsity team over favoritism by the coaches..."
    
    "...getting a boyfriend/girlfriend and possibly being stuck a virgin(while some are already in too much trouble by getting pregnant)..."
    
    "...freaking out over every physics, math, science test by threatening to kill themselves..."
    
    "...the never-ending and superfluous emphasis on going to college after high school and having your academic career decided on one stupid test..."

	*Verbiage ("stupid test") If you start off with words such as superfluous, complete the cheese and use even more verbiage. Change stupid to another word such as ludicrous or something. Expand the sentence.
    
    "...worrying about how expensive college is, and everything else you need for a basic living standard in a messed up American economy after a recession(then being blamed by everyone for being too lazy despite of the huge disadvantages...)"

	*Out of place/Super Extended ("American economy after a recession(then being blamed by everyone for being too lazy despite of the huge disadvantages...)" American before economy and after a recession seems out of place along with the random aside not used for clarification.
    
    "...dealing with the apathy of the teachers and being assigned useless assighments and write about the stupidest prompts for essays..."

	*Multiple Uses of And/Multiple uses of "Stupid" ("and being assigned useless assighments and write about the stupidest prompts for essays...") Use another word like "such as", or irrelevant" to replace the words. Try not to use the same word multiple times in one monologue.
    
    "...or fearing their friends of being cheated on, backstabbed, or doing the backstabbing themselves..."
	
	*Multiple uses of "or" ("or fearing... or worse (Also should be worst)) With the way the monologue has been carrying itself out, you should use the word or for the last piece of your grievances.
    
    "...or worse of all, worrying about everyone liking them and being popular or worrying about no one liking them (and probably no one ever did.)"
	
	*Incorrect use of Worse ("or worse of all") Use worst and not worse because you are comparing the last grievance to the previous ones
    
    "Honestly, I didn't care that no one really likes me, and it's better that way, so i can just do my own thing."

	*Good excessive use of adverbs ("Honestly... Really") These words can be used to show the character's passive traits/Show intimacy with the reader considering that this statement is directed to the reader.
    
    "I didn't stand out, I'm wasn't a honors student, not athletic, not popular, and most times just spend time by myself at the back of the classroom."
	
	*Grammar (I'm wasn't a honors") I wasn't a honors
    
    "I was just trying to get by, dealing with the sad and horrible reality of the overly flawed and under-funded public education system."
    
    "Where too much money is spent on fake news, guns, and manufacturing overly priced thrift store clothing."
    
    "But that's beside the point. Aside from the ranting, I grow up to realize how absurd and stupid all of this is."

	*Excessive use of "Stupid"
    
    "It's not like I can do much about it anyways."
    
    "I was just an average student, in an average middle-class family. Overly stressed from struggling with schoolwork, and I was always tired from unhealthy habits and slouching."
    
    "Not good at anything, but mediocre at everything. Able to remember and memorize my way through class, but I do my dilligent work."
    
    "I'm not genius or smart enough to change the world, but I just do enough of my own work to keep my self honest."

	*Grammar ("I'm not genius or smart enough") Should change to, "I'm not a genius nor am I smart..."
    
    "Practical and responsible to do my homework and chores, but not confident enough to take responsibility for anything big."
    
    "Far from rebellious or thinking on my own by being too much of a sheep, always following the rules and a system."
    
    "For sure, I wouldn't be motivated enough to do a lot of things, in part for being pessimistic."
    
    "In no way, shape or form, have any ability to change the way things are, despite of being responsible for them as the new generation, but I had a sliver of hope to do so every now and then."
   
	*Grammar ("no way, shape or form,") Listing 3 items no way, shape, or form
 
    "Then, I met my very first friend. Or should I say, friends. Then they became my friends and made me see the good, the bad, the ugly, and the stupid things about a lot of things about me, them, and everything."
    
 	*Cheese ("Then, I met my very first friend. Or should I say, friends.") REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

   "I roughly remember that day, which was just like any other day. I unknowingly would change my high school life from an unhappy couple of first months, or years, into a memory I would remember."

	*Kinda Cheese ("into a memory I would remember.") If you are to cheese this, complete the cheese. For example, change "into a memory I would remember." to "into a timeless memory of which I have never forgotten."
    
    "I don't remember the exact date, but it was near the start of my second high school year."
    
    "If someone had asked me when I had met my friends, I wouldn't remember the day, but I would remember the exact moment."
    
    "When I was going to lunch that day, with a simple lunch and a simple hobby in mind."
    
    "Trying to enjoy the hour of freedom we have in the middle of the day as a kid..."
    
    with dissolve
    with fade
    
    #play audio schoolbell
    
    "The lunch bell rings dismissing us to take us out of class for a good hour to eat."

	*Readability/Grammar? ("us to take us out of class")
    
    "It's only halfway through the day, and I already want to go home."
    
    "Then again, I think like this everyday."
    
    "In a manner of seconds, the hallways become filled with the rotten smell of flesh and sweat from the masses of young adolescents, uneducated of the importance of using deoderant or taking a shower."

	*Nice Satire ("uneducated of the importance of using deoderant or taking a shower.")
    
    "Shoulder to shoulder, bumper to bumper, the hallways are at their max capacity."
        
    "Aside from the horrible B.O. or the suffocating smell of body spray from some guys, the cries and the drowning sound of a thousand voices talking at once is deafening to the point where I can't hear myself talk or think."
    
    "It doesn't help that I'm physically and mentally exhausted from the deadly cocktail of sleep deprivation, information overload, and monotony."
    
    "The usual road rage could be comparable to the anger being stoked from bumping into each other (sometimes being tramped by the crowd), the pushing and shoving by the unruly passengers, and the constant screaming."
    
    sfsa "Move out of the way you idiot! Why the hell do you have to block the hallway by moving so slow?"

	*Unusual Language ("by moving so slow?") No one would say it like that. More like, "Why the hell are you moving so god damn slow!"... Or just omit, "by moving so slow?"
    
    sfsb "Piss off! Don't push me! It's not like you have some place to be and we're not moving any faster!"

	*Unusual Language (" and we're not moving any faster!") Omit
    
    sfsa "It doesn't help that you and you're friends are walking together so slowly and have to walk side-by-side to block everyone behind you!"

	*Unusual Language ("It doesn't help that you and you're friends are walking together so slowly and have to walk side-by-side to block everyone behind you!") This is read like a god damn play by play by commentators, (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d053pPV_AA) OH! The Deadly Combo of you and your fucking friends walking hand in hand down the god damn aisle blocking fucking everyone from moving due to your motherfucking lethargic, and quite frankly, handicapped movement!
    
    sfsa "I've got a class to go to!"
    
    sfsb "Screw you and your stupid class!"
    
    "Usually, people shift into a better mood after eating, but those boosts in mood are often offset by what comes before."

	*Missed Opportunity ("but those boosts in mood are often offset by what comes before.") Missed the opportunity of talking sadistically towards people eating. Could've talked as if the school was feeding food to monkey or boosted bonobos for all I care.
	*Breaks Character Immersion ("into a better mood after eating") Text line breaks character personality especially due to the chracter immediately berating the general atmosphere of the school on the next text line.
   
    "Bumping into people, the crowded and disgusting hallways, the bickering, and the unpleasant atmosphere moving at less than an inch per hour."
    
    "Just like downtown rush hour everyday. I don't even drive, and even I can't get away from the similar frustration."
    
    "And people say that I'm always in a bad mood. People become worse at this hour, if it's not before or after school starts."

	*Unusual Text Line ("And people say that I'm always in a bad mood") Text line is meant to create a comparison of main character to the general student, but transition to the comparison is forced. (I'm always in a bad mood. People become worse at this hour)
	*Missed Opportunity ("People become worse at this hour") Can use words such as savages to emphasize the horrible moods of students before they go into lunch.
    
    "..."
    
    "I slip through the crowd, hiding myself from the world in my hoodie. Just trying to ignore all of the chaos around me."

	*Cheese ("hiding myself from the world in my hoodie. Just trying to ignore all of the chaos around me.")
    
    "Finally, I'm in the cafeteria. No longer imprisoned from traffic after just being shortly released from our cells."
    
    "..."
    
    "I'm surprised I was able to carry my manga in the midst of the crowd."
    
    "I just got the latest edition of my favorite manga 'MHA!', and nothing is gonna' stop me from me quickly getting my food to go read my manga while having my lunch in peace."
    
    "Quickly, I sprint over towards the line for sandwiches for my usual meal."
    
    "..."
    
    "This line is usually the quickest since we're able to grab our food and go without having to stop and shout to the kitchen attendants what we want."
    
    "Of course, I don't need to waste time either thinking about what I'll have today. I always have the same thing anyway and is usually the only good thing to have around here."
    
    "The fish sandwich."
    
    "There's a good chance that the sandwich has maggots and other things -aside from not having an ounce of real fish-, but we all eat chicken nuggets knowing that chicken testicles are in it."
    
    "It's good, fair source of protein, and goes well with milk."
    
    "..."
    
    "Unfortunately, the line is longer than usual today. There's a lot of students changing their minds and coming over to this line since the other lines were too long."
    
    "I jump in the long line and patiently wait for my turn, but then two yahoos, like the usual apes that populate this school, cut in front of me in the line."

	*WTF ("then two yahoos") Two Yahoos... Could've used stronger language comparitive to the previous criticisms.
    
    "Oof..."
    
    "Not only that, while they're waddling over, they knock over my books and manga and push me to the side rudely."
    
    "..."



	*Stopped Reading Script

Overall
Most roasts came from the lack of immersion and unsteady character personality.
You simply don't roast the school and the atmosphere with words such as, "the rotten smell of flesh and sweat from the masses of young adolescents", and then talk about the very same people as yahoos.



    "Most times, I would let things like this slide, 'cause it's whatever, but I'm not in a passive mood today."
    
    "\"It's a common decency to be patient and wait at the back of the line like everyone else, you know!\""
    
    smsa "Huh? Oh, my friend was saving a spot for us in the line. Can you just let us cut, so we can be with our boy over here?"
    
    smsb "Yeah, it's cool right?"
    
    smsc "It's a short line over here. Not a big deal if we just skip the line."
    
    "I look behind me and see that some of the people behind me are displeased, but apathetic, to the fact that these three are cutting the line."
    
    "However, I was angry enough to give a crap about these guys cutting the line making everyone else unfairly wait longer."
    
    "Not only that, they didn't even notice that they knocked over my books, or pushed me."
    
    "I told myself I was going to give these guys a piece of my mind."
    
    "\"No, it's not 'cool.' Not only that, you made me knock over my books without a care in the world to whomever you bump into.\""
    
    "I crouch down to pick up me books."
    
    "\Then, you ask me to let you cut the line and pass me even when you've already done it?\""
    
    "I mutter an aside."
    
    "\"Did no one ever teach you to have some manners and not to act like apes?\""
    
    smsa "What'd you say?"
    
    "One of them raises their voice to retort."
    
    "\"I didn't say anything.\""
    
    smsc "Yeah, sure. Those gay cartoon comics also don't say anything other than you being a fucking weeb!"
    
    "\"Tch.\""
    
    "Of course, I let my anger out a little, making my situation worse."
    
    "I couldn't really think of anything to say, but I'm regretting my decision, and want nothing else other than to back out."
    
    smsb "What? Not gonna' say anything to that? Then again, weebs like you don't really have any opinions that matter."
    
    smsa "Get your ani-gay shit out of here!"
    
    "They kick my manga away from me, spreading them all over the cafeteria floor."
    
    smsb "That shit's lame. Do you weebs just 'read' manga to look at the hentai and other shit in them?"
    
    smsb "Just to jack off and ignore the fact that you'll always be a virgin?"
    
    smsc "What's 'hentai?'"
    
    smsb "Psh. You know what that is!"
    
    smsa "Don't act like you don't know!"
    
    smsc "Uh, yeah. Right!"
    
    smsb "Look at you hiding your face with a hoodie, being edgy and shit."
    
    smsb "Imitating some cringy ninja or superhero in them or whatever?"
    
    "I try to ignore them and focus on picking up my manga."
    
    "\"Never mind.\""
    
    "At this point, all I want to do is back down to avoid getting things from becoming worse and getting myself in trouble."
    
    smsa "Take it back!"
    
    "Staring at the floor, searching for each volume, I ignore them."
    
    smsa "Hey!"
    
    "One of them step forward and push me again to knock me back."
    
    smsa "Now you're not sayin' anything?"
    
    smsb "You're not just a weeb, you're also a pussy!"
    
    "The situation has only gotten worse. Instead of backing off, they're confronting me now."
    
    smsc "Go on, talk more shit."
    
    "\"No. Fine then, I take it back. Just forget I said anything and go ahead.\""
    
    smsa "That's what I thought, bitch."
    
    "The three walk away and continue along the line, while the people behind me pass me as well to stay in line."
    
    "I almost finish picking up all my manga, but then another person crouches down and helps me pick up the last one."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    smsd "Here, let me help you pick those up. Those jerks need to go get a life."
    
    "A tall, slender, blond-haired guy crouches down to assist me. He stares at me with his shining blue eyes, enthusiastic smile, and baby face."
    
    "I'm shocked that someone's actually helping me in the midst of an indifferent crowd."
    
    "On top of that, I've rarely seen someone so tall, but has such a young and childlike face. His face says that he's middle school, but his height says he's a varsity basketball player."
    
    "He reaches over with his skinny arms to pick up each volume. Keenly picking them up and then handing them to me."
    
    "\"Thanks.\""
    
    smsd "I'm kinda surprised, someone reading around manga here. You don't get to see someone with such a niche hobby in this school."
    
    smsd "Then again, this school is mostly a bunch of upstuck rich and racist white kids, so something foreign like this is nonexistent."
    
    smsd "Mostly, you'd see people around here reading a bunch of sports, gossip, and whitewashed magazines if it's not school stuff or test prep."
    
    smsd "But here's a kid like me, who reads manga."
    
    show Sam surprised
    
    "He picks up the new volume of 'MHA' I dropped with eager eyes, similarly to a kid who just got new trading cards from the store."
    
    "The blond reads the manga a little, then he returns it to me."
    
    smsd "Not only that, it's also a really good series."
    
    "\"You read 'MHA' too?\""
    
    show Sam closed
    
    smsd "Yeah. I also got the latest volume at home as well as all the previous volumes since volume one."
    
    "\"Cool. What's your name?\""
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    smsd "It's Sam. What's yours?"
    
    jump povname
    
label Named:
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Nice to meet a fellow weeb like you, [povname]."
    
    x "...I guess."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Hey, cheer up. Forget what those guys said. You know what, I'm gonna' stand up to those bullies."
    
    x "What?"
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Hey, I was in the line, waiting like everyone else like you. I'm also kinda pissed those idiots could cut line like that."
    
    x "Tch. It's not worth getting in trouble for it. Just forget it."
    
    s "No, I'm not forgetting it, and I'll bet you won't either."
    
    x "That's not gonna' help things here. Just let it go."
    
    x "Plus, you're not stupid enough to cause a scene and get us all in tro-"
    
    hide Sam angry
    
    "Before I finish my sentence, Sam storms off to confront them."
    
    x "..."
    
    x "Or just go ahead anyway."
    
    "I follow after him."
    
    "Without hesitation, he presses the three about cutting the line."
    
    smsa "Yeah, I know right? So, then I said-"
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Hey, guys! There's no 'saving' places in line! Gotta wait patiently like everyone else here!"
    
    smsb "What?"
    
    s "Also, I don't appreciate you three {i}asserting{/i} yourselves anyway and then rudely pushing people out of the way."
    
    smsb "We {i}are{/i} waiting 'patiently' here, and we weren't pushing anyone out of the way, everyone's pushing us."
    
    smsc "Dude, chill. We just want to go get our food together. It's all 'cool.'"
    
    x "Sam, just let it go. Don't worry about it."
    
    smsa "Oh, it's you!"
    
    smsb "You got your friend to stand up for your bitch ass?"
    
    x "..."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "That ain't 'cool,' and I'm standing up for my friend, [povname], and everyone else here 'cause it ain't nice to skip the line."
    
    smsc "What's wrong with it? I try to keep saying we just want to get food together. Is that too much to ask?"
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "You didn't have to be so rude about it and say mean words to [povname]."
    
    x "..."
    
    smsa "So what? What do you want us to do about it?"
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "Apologize for what you said to my friend, [povname], and go to the back of the line to wait patiently like everyone else. That's all."
    
    s "I know we're all hungry and you want to sit with friends, but it ain't fair to skip the line. Especially when there's so many of us waiting."
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "It may not be a big deal if only one of you were cutting, but it would be a big problem if a lot of people do it right? So let's just avoid cutting, so it's fair for everyone."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    "The three stare at Sam menacingly."
    
    smsa "Yeah, no. Not happening. Just make us."
    
    smsb "Why'd you have to stand up for that weeb?"
    
    smsc "That's so gay. Probably just like you."
    
    smsa "Come one, dude. Step up, you won't!" 
    
    "One of them pushes Sam to threaten him."
    
    smsa "Probably just a pussy like your friend there!"
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Tch. I ain't scared of you three bozos, if you're trying to threaten me like that!"
    
    s "You don't have to be such jerks about this. Imagine if there were three other people cutting in front of you to 'save a spot' for their friend? Then, everyone would just cut each other off and this wouldn't end!"
    
    s "[povname] doesn't deserve to be called one either! Push me again, and I'll 'defend' myself!"
    
    s "Come on. You don't have to do this and cause trouble for everyone."
    
    smsa "Listen, bud. Back off!"
    
    smsb "We aren't being jerks at all. You're just being a stick in the mud about this."
    
    smsa "We ain't movin' out of our spot. Now back off 'cause you're pissing us off!"
    
    "They push Sam back and try to intimidate him."
    
    smsc "Otherwise, we'll smack you to teach you a lesson!"
    
    s "No, you back of-"
    
    #play audio punch
    
    show Sam hurt
    
    "One of them punches Sam in the gut mid-sentence as he tries to defy them."
    
    smsa "Let that be a lesson. Now get lost. You ain't winning against us by yourself, idiot."
    
    #play audio punch
    
    show Sam angry
    
    "Promptly, Sam throws a hook punch to his face, pushing his face to the side."
    
    s "I'll show you!"
    
    smsa "Why you!"
    
    "Angrily, the other two respond by throwing themselves at Sam, and a scuffle between them starts. The other stands back up and rushes to join in."
    
    #play audio punch
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Ack. That didn't hurt! You three are garbage at throwin' hands!"
    
    #play audio punch
    
    "Sam throws another hook punch, but it didn't seem to faze his target."
    
    smsb "Those noodle arms don't have anything on me, boy."
    
    #play audio punch
    
    "That guy retaliates with his own punch against Sam."
    
    show Sam hurt
    
    s "Urgh..."
    
    "That guy's punch packed more behind it compared to Sam's feeble-looking arms."
    
    #play audio punch
    #play audio kick
    
    "Quickly, Sam gets overwhelmed trying to fight three others at once, and the fight draws a crowd of students cheering on at the fighters, drawing the attention of the teachers and administrators."
    
    "\"Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!\" The students clamor along with the chaos that ensues."
    
    "I try to get out of the way of the fight, as I feel impotent about doing anything about this."
    
    "Shortly, a teacher appears to stop the fight while blowing a whistle, attempting to control the crowd."
    
    x "And things got worse..."
    
    tcha "Hey! Knock it off! Break it up! Break it up!"
    
    "Two other teachers show up and quickly detain two of the students involved in the fight. One other is still fighting Sam."
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Ow! You piece of crap!"
    
    #play audio tackle
    
    "The other guy tackles Sam, overpowering him easily and sending both of them to the ground."
    
    "Sam is pinned by the leanest of the three, while the other two have already been detained."
    
    smsb "Can't do anything now, punk?"
    
    "The bully begins to pummel Sam with punches as Sam raises his arms to block his face."
    
    s "That's what you think!"
    
    "Sam pushes and nudges, attempting to get himself free, but he isn't strong enough to do so, while he's getting battered by punches."
    
    tcha "Knock it off!"
    
    "The teachers manage to grab and separate the two."
    
    tcha "Why are you four fighting in the cafeteria! This is not the place, or any place, to be brawling it out! Explain yourselves!"
    
    smsb "It was you! You got this nutjob to throw punches at us! We were just defending ourselves!"
    
    "The guy points over to me, while I watch the four of them be restrained."
    
    s "That's not true! They're actually bullying my friend over there, and I was defending myself and my friend from these bullies!"
    
    tcha "Yeah, yeah. Tell that to the principal and the admins when all of you are in detention!"
    
    tcha "Also, you over there!"
    
    "The teacher points at me."
    
    x "Me?"
    
    tcha "You're obviously involved with them. You're also coming with us. All of you are being held responsible for starting up a dangerous and reckless fight!"
    
    tcha "Detention for the five of you now and after school!"
    
    x "{i}*sigh*{/i}Of course. That's just great."
    
    hide Sam angry
    
    "And so, we were sent to the principal's office to explain ourselves and served detention during lunch and a couple hours after school."
    
    with dissolve
    with fade
    scene bg classroom
    
    "I tried to explain myself to the officers, but the other four -including Sam-constantly bickered. Not really helping the situation at all."
    
    "I did get to eat that fish sandwich and read my manga, while serving lunch detention and being preyed upon by the teachers. Being served lunch in detention and not have to worry about eating in a crowded room was a big plus."
    
    "After being forced to eat our lunch, we got a scolding by the principal and the other teachers about fighting in school, and it was just some scripted b.s. of a speech about not bullying or fighting other students, then going back to the 'honor code' and 'school spirit' nonsense."
    
    "Aside from being sentenced to detention, they gave our parents a call about being in detention. It ended as ugly as it could have, and I'll spare myself from having to remember it all."
    
    "The other three guys got an mouthful from the admins and their parents after school, and I just got a disappointed talk between me and my parents."
    
    "Honestly, I didn't expect much, and not getting desert at dinner was the best way it could have ended for me."
    
    "Everyone in detention got released early and picked up by their parents. All except me and Sam."
    
    "At least with my parents, they didn't think too much of a big deal about it. I'll just walk home, alone to reflect about what I did wrong, and I'll continue as if nothing ever happened other than telling myself not to mess up like that again."
    
    "Sam, however, completely ignored the principal and the admins without a single care at all. Sitting alone in the detention classroom, staring at the window."
    
    "After all of that, we were held at gunpoint to apologize to each other, having to hide every knife and sign of bitter enmity to each other."
    
    "\"Had it not been for the laws of this land, I would have slaughtered you...\""
    
    "...is what I would've liked to say, but..."
    
    "...\"I deeply apologize for my disrespect and wrong actions causing harm to you and everyone;therfore, I promise to make amends for it is 'The Warrior's Way.'\""
    
    "...is just as false."
    
    "Of course it had to be 'The Warrior's Way' in the name of school spirit as a ploy to incessantly remind us to conform and follow the rules of the school."
    
    "I've always followed school rules for common decency and was one to keep to myself, but this was a rare time that I got myself into actual trouble."
    
    "Also, the first time I've ever been sent to detention, and honestly, I somewhat prefer it to being stuck in class or at the lines during lunch."
    
    "I'm still bummed and annoyed that I got into trouble(of course I'll see to it myself that I never get myself in trouble in my own hands), but I liked the silence in the detention room for once."
    
    "It's thanks in part to the strict teacher, Mrs. Silvertooth (one of the, if not, the strictest teacher in the school), monitoring the students and other hoodlums in the classroom."
    
    "This was my first time I had ever dealt with her personally, but I've heard of other students being written detention slips for the most frivolous 'violations.'"
    
    "Offenses such as wearing a skirt regardless of it being longer than fingernail length, not wearing an ID on campus, running in the hallway, or being deemed of acting under 'inapropriate behavior' whenever you get on her bad side, but she's {i}always{/i} on her bad side."
    
    "Especially when you remind her in any shape or form (intentionally or unintentionally) of how she is the crustiest, sexist, racist, killjoy, senile lady with a persecution complex."
    
    "(By the way, those are not my words and are only echoes of hatred from many students over the years. I have nothing personal with this woman, who only exists to make a point rather than directly affecting me in my story.)"
    
    "Still, the harsh or ruthless aura that she emanates is noticeable just from sensing her presence, and I was hit with all of it when she rusehd over to stop the brawl in the cafeteria and shouted at me to come with her."
    
    "Enough said, she keeps students in check, even the most unruly troublemakers in detention."
    
    "Yeah, she's scary, but it was relaxing in the detention room that the other kids weren't causing trouble."
    
    "All except Sam."
    
    "His parents didn't pick up when the school called to speak with them, he refused to speak with most of the admins except for the nurse, only about the bruises he received from the brawl, and deliberately ignored Mrs.Silvertooth in detention, extending his detention sentence, but he didn't seem to care."
    
    "I'm experiencing a variety of emotions at the moment."
    
    "Fear from the ruthless detention monitor Mrs.Silvertooth, disappointment at myself for getting in trouble, and bitterness towards the three bullies for their rudeness..."
    
    "...but I especially feel angry towards Sam."
    
    "If it wasn't for that idiot picking a fight over something so simple, I wouldn't be in this mess."
    
    "I'll admit that I hated those guys for calling me names, rudely cutting the line, bullying, and pushing me around, but picking a fight was the last thing I wanted."
    
    "It should've been Sam's last thing he wanted seeing as he got pushed and thrashed around by them. A 1v3, taking on large, burly guys with his lanky and feeble arms."
    
    "Yet, he still went ahead to stir trouble, fighting over a petty crime."
    
    "Now, it's just me and him as the last people dismissed from detention at the end of the day."
    
    "After detention, I walk over to talk to him about what the heck he was thinking, picking a fight like that."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    x "Hey, Sam."
    
    "I try to reach out to him."
    
    x "Hey, Sam!"
    
    "I try to raise my voice, but he doesn't seem to notice me, as his eyes are directed to the window, blankly staring at the sky."
    
    x "Hey, Sam!"
    
    show Sam surprised
    
    "I shout at him, startling him briefly."
    
    s "Oh, sorry. I spaced out. What is it, [povname]?"
    
    x "Spaced out? What does that mean? Does your brain stop working that not only you become deaf, but you become a bonehead?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Oh. A little, yeah."
    
    x "That's...not what I expected, but okay."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Anyways, what's up?"
    
    x "We're stuck in detention 'cause you got into a fight, that's what."
    
    x "Why did you go out and punch that dude?"
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Well, he was being rude, threatening me, pushing me around, then punching me, and I couldn't stand it that he and his friends were pushing you and everyone around."
    
    s "So, I punched that ass wipe."
    
    x "Okay, punching that nitwit only got you beaten up and everyone involved in trouble, all over because they rudely cut the line and you thought it was a good idea to fight over it."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "Mmm."
    
    s "Yeah, I lost my cool there, and I got reckless and aggressive there."
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "But, I wasn't just gonna' stand there and let them push me and everyone around. Also, they got aggressive first."
    
    x "That really wasn't necessary, nor did it really matter that much. Speaking of which, you're okay, right? You got pummeled by those three."
    
    show Sam hurt
    
    s "I'm alright, but I won't say that it didn't hurt."
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "But enough about me, you said it didn't matter I stood my ground?"
    
    x "No, what mattered is that you foolishly picked a fight, getting me in trouble with you."
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Those douchebags were being rude, they pushed you, making you drop your books and calling you names, then they tried to threaten and bully me for speaking up to them! I wasn't just gonna' stand by and let them be like that!"
    
    s "It seemed like they didn't care about waiting patiently just like everyone else and what we're doing. Then they called me out and dared me to do something about it."
    
    s "So, I punched the crap out of him."
    
    x "You did knock one of them to the ground, but it was more that they didn't expect it rather than actually getting hurt by it."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Those guys were no joke, okay? I know I'm not that strong and my punches didn't really hurt them, but give me some credit for bravery there!"
    
    x "You didn't have to be an idiot about it. Now I'm stuck in the mess with you."
    
    x "Then you make things worse for yourself by arguing with the teachers and those guys. Also, why do you have to be such a deliquent?"
    
    x "Do you not care about getting in trouble?"
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Eh. Whatever. It's not like they'll kill me or make my life hell with detention hours. Life's already hell in school and it's just a slip of paper with a number of hours on it."
    
    x "..."
    
    x "By the way, your parents didn't pick up when the principal tried to reach them?"
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "No. Did your parents talk with the principal, and are they picking you up?"
    
    x "Yeah, they talked with the principal and I, but I'm just gonna' walk home to talk with them about it. It's not a big deal with them, but it is for me."
    
    s "Oh, okay. It's not a big deal with your parents?"
    
    x "Not really. I didn't talk with them much, other than taking away my dessert for dinner."
    
    show Sam crying
    
    s "Really? That's horrible! Are you missing out on pudding or cake?"
    
    x "No, but...nevermind."
    
    x "So, are your parents picking you up, if they didn't answer your call?"
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Um...No. Actually, I just walk home like I do. In fact, the office and I've been trying to reach my mom, but nothing."
    
    x "Oh."
    
    x "What about your dad?"
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "Oh. I actually..."
    
    "Sam frowns upon hearing the question."
    
    s "My dad got divorced with my mom recently, and I can't really talk to him much, other than seeing him in the summer."
    
    s "Probably out abroad again. Maybe Germany."
    
    x "Oh. Sorry to hear that. What does your dad do?"
    
    s "Um...I don't want to talk about my parents right now. Can we just move on to something else?"
    
    "His sad blue eyes are pointed down at the floor, trying to avoid my gaze."
    
    x "..."
    
    x "Alright then."
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Anyways, I thought I was right in standing up to those bullies, okay? I didn't want them pushing you and everyone around."
    
    s "Also, I didn't care that I was gonna' get in trouble for it. I cared that they got in trouble for bullying people around."
    
    s "While you were on the ground picking up your books, everyone just ignored all of this, not lending a helping hand, so I thought I should."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Obviously you were mad at those guys, so it was my own little...uh, justice, to take them on."
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Even though I got beat up and I didn't really win that fight, nor did I stick it to 'em, I stood up to those losers."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "At least, that's what I thought."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "In hindsight, there was probably a better way to go about that that didn't involve fighting or getting you or myself in trouble."
    
    x "Don't you think? Maybe go get a teacher's attention about this, or ask them in a nicer and less accusing way, or just probably have left it alone?"
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "I felt like I couldn't just leave that alone! I bet you wouldn't either!"
    
    x "Yeah, but I know enough not to pick a fight with 3 other guys all by myself!"
    
    x "I admitted it. I was angry too and could've been less disrespectful, but..."
    
    x "Now we're in this mess."
    
    s "I was just trying to be a hero, I guess. 'Cause no one around would stand up against them and the teachers wouldn't do a single thing about it."
    
    x "We aren't playing games here, Sam. This isn't playing hero, or cops and robbers. They may have been assholes there, but we were also being assholes by pushing them about it."
    
    s "What do you mean? They were calling us names and stuff."
    
    x "I may have also called them names too..."
    
    "I admit to it quietly."
    
    x "...but I did take it back and apologize."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Maybe you're right. It wasn't nice what they did, but weren't very nice either. They're still crazy high school kids like us."
    
    x "Mmm."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "I'm sorry, that I caused more trouble than trying to help. Especiallly from picking a fight like that. I'll try to make it up to you, and I'll go apologize to the other guys personally and genuinely."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "I feel like I should anyway. Also, it didn't feel right apologizing like they made us do back in detention."
    
    x "..."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Anyway, [povname], are {i}you{/i} okay? Was it your first time in detention?"
    
    x "What? I'm fine. Why do you ask if it was my first time doing hours?"
    
    s "You looked awfully concerned back there when I was dealing with Mrs. Silvertooth."
    
    x "Kinda? Aren't you a little bit scared of her if fighting three other guys stronger than you didn't?"
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "Her? I've already had to deal with her many times for these past few months. She was scary at first, but she's not that big of a deal."
    
    x "Many times these past months? What did you do?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Let's not talk about that right now, okay? I'm just a troublemaker."
    
    x "You know disciplinary offenses like this stack up and go on your transcript and stuff? They won't let it just slide like in middle school or junior high!"
    
    s "In that case, I've already messed myself up a lot early."
    
    x "Wait, what year are you?"
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "I'm a freshman."
    
    x "It's only September! School just started not too long ago for you! Just how bad is it?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "I've basically been sent to the detention room once or twice every week."
    
    x "How are you not being suspended, yet?"
    
    s "Actually, that was the last time before I do get suspended."
    
    x "You're actually such a deliquent."
    
    s "Yeah, I get that from everyone."
    
    x "Why did someone like you go out of your way to help me like this? Then mess up miserably?"
    
    s "Aw, come on! Give me some credit! I don't go out and pick fights like a maniac! Promise! I'm kinda just a big idiot!"
    
    x "You don't have to tell me."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "Then again, you were also kinda asking to get bullied carrying your manga around and acting like the stereotypical loser."
    
    x "Loser? What do you mean?"
    
    s "I'll be honest, you didn't show any backbone against them and you look like the usual loner rocking the hoodie and all that. Acting all aloof, just keeping to yourself and not talking much unless it's to yell at me afterwards."
    
    x "Hey!"
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Actually, I don't really know what you're rocking right now. For all I know, behind that screen, you're in your jammies or whatever."
    
    x "What are you talking about?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Nothing."
    
    x "Anyways, fine. We're all at fault here. At the end of the day, we still ended up in detention together."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Yeah."
    
    "For a moment, we stare at each other blankly."
    
    show Sam talking
    
    s "So, now what?"
    
    x "I'm just gonna' head home. It's been a long day, even though everything happened so fast. I'm calling it a day."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Do you have a ride?"
    
    x "No, I usually walk home. I don't live too far."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Me too!"
    
    s "Let's go walk home together!"
    
    x "What? Why?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "What? Are you tired of dealing with me?"
    
    x "A little bit, but I don't want to be rude or anything and-."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Awesome! Let's go walk home together!"
    
    x "..."
    
    "And so, I got stuck walking home with this yahoo."
    
    with dissolve
    with fade
    
    scene bg sidewalk
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    "Sam and I strap on our backpakcs and hit the sidewalks on our way home. Trying to get to know each other in a casual manner."
    
    x "So, uhm..."
    
    "I usually walk home by myself, so I'm not used to having to converse on the way there. Most times, I just listen to music and tune the world out."
    
    s "Which neighborhood do you live? You said you live nearby."
    
    x "Uhm."
    
    s "I live nearby Mountaincrest, it's a small and quiet neighborhood next to many others."
    
    x "Really? How's that like?"
    
    s "It's a rich neighborhood with mansions and really big houses."
    
    s "It's quiet alright, because most of the owners are just really rich and really old people. My mom included. Some are really cranky, some are snooty, some are creepy, some are selfish, some are racist..."
    
    x "Oh. Sounds liike a wonderful neighborhood."
    
    x "How's your mom compared to those wonderful neighbors?"
    
    show Sam angry
    
    s "Apathetic and self-centered."
    
    x "Well, you don't mince words."
    
    x "Not even sugarcoating or exaggerating it?"
    
    s "You can get the vibe that I don't like to talk about my parents."
    
    x "Okay, I'll respect that. I appreciate your honesty."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Most are very nice and generous though. Especially the doctors, police officers, and veterans that live in my neighborhood. I usually like to hang out with them, since they've got the some of the best stories to tell."
    
    x "Really?"
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "One time, there was a vet who told me a really good story about how he almost blew him own platoon's foxhole by a cooked grenade!"
    
    x "Oh my god! How is that a good story?"
    
    s "I said almost didn't I? No one died or got hurt aside from some shruberry and wild life! He told me that on the bright side, his platoon got to eat roasted half-blown up squirrels that day."
    
    x "Yeah, okay."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Aside from Mountaincrest, I've got a friend that lives in the neighborhood just across main street that has more of the modest and average looking houses instead of the mansions and stuff, Valleybrook."
    
    x "Yeah, sounds about right."
    
    s "You live near or in the neighborhood?"
    
    x "Yeah, I guess."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "I guess for all intents and purposes, you live there to fit the average protagonist stereotype, huh?"
    
    x "Yeah, whatever you're talking about."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Neat! You don't live too far from me! My house is the first house you'll see when you enter Mountaincrest. You should dropby some time and hang out!"
    
    x "Yeah."
    
    s "After a schoolday like today, do you usually just watch anime and read manga?"
    
    x "What? No, I do my homework, do chores, eat dinner, take a shower, and then go do that fun stuff {i}after{/i} my responsibilities."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "Come on, I bet you procrastinate a little with them by watching anime while you're trying to do your homework! I know I do!"
    
    x "Oof. Fine, I admit to that part is true."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Which anime series do you like to watch?"
    
    x "Usually what's popular. 'Blade Art Online', 'Lizardball Y', 'One Kick Guy', 'Ninja Way' just to name a few of what I've watched."
    
    s "Me too! I like those too, with a lot of action, but for some reason Bella really hates 'Blade Art Online.'"
    
    x "Bella?"
    
    s "She's my close friend that watches anime with me. Actually, she lives in the same neighborhood as you. I'll introduce you to her later."
    
    x "Why does she hate it?"
    
    s "I don't know.She says doesn't like how the plot development is badly written or something like that, but then again, I don't usually pay attention it anyway."
    
    x "Oh. I see."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "What? I'm more interested what's going on now and the story. I don't care about flashbacks and stuff! Especially filler episodes."
    
    x "Avoiding filler episodes, however, is something I can get behind on."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Well, yeah. I like action, fighting, and cool spell-slinging stuff. Just like the fantasy in the videogames and stuff!"
    
    s "What's your cup of tea?"
    
    x "I don't really have a preference. I watch what's good."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Oh, okay. Nice!"
    
    s "Are you gonna' catch up with the latest episode in the anime and the latest volume of the manga in 'MHA' tonight?"
    
    x "Yeah, that's the plan."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "I've already caught up. I won't say any spoilers, but it's a really good episode! What you thought happened to 'Allright' didn't happen is all I'll say."
    
    x "Okay, okay. I wish you didn't tell me though, you've told me too much!"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Alright then! I won't spoil it!"
    
    x "Anyways, what are your plans tonight? Just curious, since I've told you mine(rather, you asked me to.)"
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Eh, not much. Just watch anime in my room, then hang around in the neighborhood. Although, it is lonely at my neighborhood, since there's basically no kids there. You might see me hanging around Valleybrook."
    
    x "Oh, you'll just be a random idiot walking around my neighborhood? I see I really can't avoid you."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Come on, don't say it like that!"
    
    x "It is what it is."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "Well, being an only child in a lonely, but rich household kinda sucks."
    
    s "I live in a big empty mansion with my butler and maid that don't talk much to me other than to not get into trouble, ask for my laundry, to clean my room, or serve me food."
    
    x "You seriously have a butler and maid? I have to do everything for myself, you know? Look at me struggling to do dishes!"
    
    s "I don't talk much to them. They're really nice to me, but I just can't really hang out with them."
    
    x "Why?"
    
    s "My butler's an old family friend (and I mean really old), and my maid is actually a college student that I don't get to see during the evening due to her classes."
    
    x "Okay. What about your parents, sorry to really ask."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "No, don't be. I want to share, but I don't enjoy talking about them, for my own reasons."
    
    show Sam sad
    
    s "My dad's abroad and I don't really where in Europe, and my mother's always in her office doing paperwork as a lawyer. She rarely comes home, and that's all I want to say about it."
    
    x "So you never really get to see your parents? At least on birthdays?"
    
    s "Not even on some of my birthdays or holidays anymore. I only got to really talk to her last summer, when my parents divorced. It's been chilly between me and her ever since."
    
    x "Oh, I see."
    
    show Sam neutral
    
    s "Well, that's just my sad family life. I like to be outside and hang out with everyone around the neighborhood. For the most part, everyone is nice to each other and to meet, even though I get into a lot of trouble here still."
    
    x "Of course. How many windows have you shattered from playing baseball?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Actually 8 or so, but in three different fields. Five in my own backyard, two so at my friend Bella's backyard, and one at someone's house near the baseball field at Valleybrook."
    
    x "I'm surprised you actually broke that many windows."
    
    s "I'm surprised I still remember them. Bella's mom does not mess around, okay? She's a stoic, strict, and lean Latina mom!"
    
    s "I see her as a million times scarier than anyone I've ever met! When she wields that sandal, you know she's serious!"
    
    x "Yikes."
    
    x "About this friend of yours, Bella."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "I should introduce you to her tomorrow, she's got club activities today, so she's not around, but she's really nice!"
    
    x "Tell me about her."
    
    show Sam blushing
    
    s "Umm, okay. She's really upbeat, outgoing, and always optimistic. Although, she's so clumsy and scatterbrained, she's a hard worker to the point that she's actually a workaholic already."
    
    s "She drives me nuts from how messy she is, not afraid to try new things, and how cute she is with everything. In a sense, she's kinda like a cheerleader for me."
    
    s "Just like me, she gets into a lot of trouble along with me from how clumsy she is."
    
    x "How clumsy?"
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "She broke an entire row of vases once in a porcelain shop by tripping over herself. Of course, I had to pay for the vases afterwards."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "I've known her since I was in middle school, and she's been making me learn new hobbies with her. We've been always watching anime, reading manga, and playing videogames together."
    
    s "She's great. You'll like her. She's definitely a character."
    
    x "Hmm. Maybe you're just really hyping it up."
    
    show Sam embarrassed
    
    s "Yeah, I kinda am, but she's pretty cool, though."
    
    x "Anyways, why do you want me to introduce me to her?"
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "'Cause, I've found another friend who likes manga and anime like us!"
    
    #stop music fadeout 1.0
    #play music maintheme loop
    
    x "Friend? Why do you want to be my friend?"
    
    s "Yeah! I mean, you seem like a cool person to me! Why don't we become friends, so we can watch anime and hang out together?"
    
    x "Ummm. I'm not really looking for friends here you see. I'm not that interesting of a person, anyway. I'm just a mediocre student, completely average everything, and really bad at talking to people as you can see today."
    
    x "I'm just a lonely loser. Being a weeb by myself in the corner of the classroom. Just getting by. Why do you want to be friends with someone as bland as me?"
    
    s "Why not?"
    
    x "Uhm..."
    
    "..."
    
    "I struggle to find reasons to answer his question."
    
    x "I'm not really that trustworthy of a person. For all you know, I've been lying to you all this time! There's a reason why people usually don't like me anyway!"
    
    x "I'm not unique, I'm just a sheep following the system, and uh..."
    
    show Sam closed
    
    s "[povname], please?"
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "..."
    
    "Sam stares at me with his sparkling blue eyes with his innocent face."
    
    show Sam blushing
    
    s "Wanna' be my friend?"
    
menu:
    
    "Yes":
        jump Friends
        
    "No":
        jump NoStory
        
label Friends:
    
    x "It doesn't seem like I'm getting rid of you anytime soon, anyway."
    
    show Sam happy
    
    s "Hehe! I hope you'll take good care of me, then! Let's have a great adventure! Filled with nonsense, boring dialogue, and 4th wall breaks!"
    
    s "I bet you had fun reading that little story the writer wrote for you after you pressed 'No' for the first time, didn't you?"
    
    x "What?"
    
    s "Nevermind that! I bet we'll have lots of fun being complete weebs, playing with memes, and stupid pranks together!"
    
    x "Great. I'll have a lot to look forward too, aside from that next episode of 'MHA.'"
    
    s "Well, here's where we part ways until tomorrow I guess."
    
    s "I'll see you at school tomorrow! Maybe we'll meet here at the same time tomorrow and we can walk to school together!"
    
    x "You can bet on plot convenience that'll happen."
    
    s "See you then!"
    
    hide Sam happy
    
    "And so, that was how I made my first friend. Here at least."
    
    "From the idiot picking a fight over cutting the lunch line, to talking about anime and manga a little bit, and other nonsense, I've made a friend."
    
    "I wonder where this friendship will take me."
    
    "I just hope that this is for the best."
    
    with dissolve
    with fade
    #stop music fadeout 1.0
    
#Prologue Part II: Friends from Friends of Friends

    scene bg sidewalk
    #play music regularday loop
    
    "..."

    #WIP

    #End of Prologue
    
    jump Ch1