Project Title: Chaos Theory
Work Title: Rewrite [Temporary Name]
A Visual Novel by Mark Perez

Tags: Shounen, Drama, Supernatural

-Alex, an usual teenager living a boring and usual high school life is forever changed when she discovers an unusual notebook that gives her a supernatural psychic ability to be able to read and rewrite others' thoughts and memories. She can read memories freely as if reading each person like their life story is written on her book as they converse, unconciouscious of her reading them. Certain memories are read and only surface when a person is thinking/talking about them, including when she recites her own memories. Her ability to rewrite memories including past memory and active memory depends on her persuasiveness as it relies on suggestion (kinda like mild hypnosis.) She channels this power through the motion of writing words in her mind and theirs with a pen. With this psychic power, she can read, hack, and control minds around her. Her power is fully reliant on willpower and does not work against others with iron will or stubborn courage (later shows that her power is weak against Sam's stubborness.) At first, she uses this power on petty crimes, but then gradually turns around and decides to try to use it to help others as she becomes friends with Sam and his friends. It starts off with small gestures to help her friends get over some conflicts, but those changes in memory begin to greatly change their personality and how they act. She eventually meddles with their lives in a very personal level to which everything spirals out of control and she becomes insane as they do after those changes. After all the chaos she causes, she must use her power again to set things right, including herself and how she once viewed everything.

Psychic Magic - Read & Overwrite
1. Psychic ability is channeled and amplified from mental fortitude, empathy, and will power with the book as the medium. Using enhanced psychic ability, the user can read and rewrite*(the user cannot erase and make targets forget, only they can forget their own memories) memories. This power is manifested in the user's mind by words attached to targets, and uses the power by the user 'writing' on those words (using a pen or writing tool only-if user has the mental capacity, the user can use the power without a pen) to rewrite them. 

TL;DR: Ability to read and change minds is possible through user's imagination, the mind, and will power...for example, reading and rewriting people like characters in a book.

2. There are two types of memories. Short-term and long-term. Short-term memories are memories people are thinking about currently or just thought about a moment ago. Short-term memories are much easier to read as little amount of clues or knowledge about the target is needed to be read. Long-term memories are memories that people read from a distant past and are strongly remembered. They are very hard to read as people can easily hide their past and can only be read if the target is currently reminiscing about it or the user has knowledge of a memory cue, linked to the memory. 

TL;DR: You can easily predict what people are thinking at the moment based on current circumstances, but it's difficult or near impossible to know what people were thinking without knowing what happened before whether if it was based on recollection or having something attached to it (like an artifact or a picture.)

3. The user is given the ability to read minds through memories at an amplified state to which the user can directly read others' mind. The strength of mind reading is proportional to the user's ability to think, feel, see, and act like the target based on the memory they are reading. 

TL;DR: Ability to read minds and change minds is based on your understanding and strength on knowing how people think.

4. Therefore, an adequate amount of knowledge about the target is required to read them (you can't read others' memory if you do not have any clue about what they're talking/thinking about.) In addition, this knowledge can be expanded by either knowing more about the target or through intuition by using background knowledge or creativity. For example, you can use well-known stereotypes to get an idea of the person at the surface, therefore, read their memories. 

TL;DR: You can only read their minds based on how well you can think like them and/or how well you know them.

5. Once memories are read, they can be rewritten and only can be rewritten if read before. Rewritten memories are only changed and are not forgotten. Also, the rewritten memory can resist change and be remembered into the original memory based on the target's willpower. So, the user's power to change the memory is dependent on how effective they can persuade their target to avoid resisting the change or how the target can be overpowered by sheer will to submit to those changes. 

TL;DR: You can't force someone to see something differently against their will, only against yours or how you can convince them. You can rewire the mind, but you can't change their soul.

6. In essence, this power is telepathy, and isn't exclusively one way. Others can also read and rewrite you. When using this power, a battle of will, wits, and spirit takes place. It's only effective if you can overpower your enemy, or you persuade them. Otherwise, they can impose their will on you and turn your power against you.

TL;DR: This power can also be used against you, if you aren't mentally strong enough.

7. This power can be used on its user, but you might also resist your own power by internal conflict. Hesitation, half-heartedness, and lack of knowledge can hinder the effectiveness of your power on yourself.

TL;DR: You can also be your own hindrance to your own power against other, and especially on yourself.

8. Your power to change minds, including your own, can change the world, only if many others in the world change with you. You can rule nations, empires, armies, cities, etc. based on your strength of will on the many.

What this means is that the strength of your mind control can spread to many others, and its strength depends on how you can relate to as many people as possible.

9. Spirit is the most important strength needed to reading and controlling the mind. Hearts must resonate before the mind does.

Cheese: It is only through love and compassion, that you can convince people to act with and for you.